Updated README.md (#1)
pokhiii/sourcetracker: README.md

## Getting Started

> 1. Download the extension in zip file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the extension: [Download ZIP](https://github.com/pokhiii/sourcetracker/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)
```

>     - Extract the zip file and named as sourcetracker

Reviewer: This is not sub-point of the first point
```suggestion
1. Extract the zip file and rename it from `sourcetracker-main` to simply `sourcetracker`
```

>     - Changed the directory of file to civicrm\wp-content\uploads\civicrm\ext

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Move the extension (unzipped) to your CiviCRM extension directory. Eg. in WordPress it is will be `path/to/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/civicrm/ext`
```

2. Install the extension

>     - Navigate to the **Administer** > **System Setting** > **Extension**

Reviewer: Add one more point above it – `Login to your CMS and navigate to the CiviCRM dashboard`

Author: ok sure

    - Find **Source Tracker** in extension and install it (Refresh the page if you can't see the source tracker extension)
3. Create a custom field named `Source`
    - Navigate To the **Administer** > **Customize Data and Screen** > **Custom Field**
    - Click on **Add Set of Custom Fields**

>     - Create custom field named `Source` (the name should be exactly same & case-sensitive) and mark **hidden** on Field Input Type *	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Create a custom field named `Source` (the name should be the same & case-sensitive) and mark **hidden** on Field Input Type
```

	
4. Use this field in any Profile

>    - Include this field in any Profile (as type hidden)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Include this field in any Profile
```

>    - Use the profile in the registration form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Use the Profile for registrations. Eg. in WordPress it is equivalent to using the shortcode on a WordPress page.
```

>    - Add the UTM parameter at the end of the registration form page URL. ( like  `?utm_source=whatsapp` )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Add the UTM parameter at the end of the registration form page URL. Eg. `?utm_source=whatsapp`
```

   - Submit the registration form
   - Navigate to the **Search** > **Find contacts**

>    - Click on the contract you registered; you will see the source field at the bottom of the detail form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Click on the contact you registered; you will see the Source field filled with the value in the `utm_source`
```
